Hello, I am Yeom Jung-hyun, the chair of the Gyeonggi-do.
I am Han Gae, the great leader of the people.
I hope you have a happy and healthy life, and have a happy and happy holiday with your family.
I hope you can support and cheer for those who can't take a break from the holiday.
In Gyeonggi-do, the people's safety and happiness are being implemented in the difficult economic conditions.
This is the result of the efforts of communication and cooperation that all the public and community have put together with the 155 members of the city and the education director.
In the future, we will continue to work hard to help the people and the people, and we will continue to lead the 3.0 era of self-reliance, which is the basis of the people's safety and happiness.
In Gyeonggi-do, we will make a better tomorrow than today with the delicate will to touch the lives of the people.
I hope you can drive safely on the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to the road to
the road to the road to the road through the cold winter when the weatherkeeping December
I hope you have a happy time with family while sharing good memories if you do not go inside your home from busy employment
also, migration is being a happy stroke to the voice of the people misses who greater güzel
of difficulties in the economy in the situation
health experienced through the
We have the ability to overcome economic crisis.
We will work hard to prevent economic crisis from overcoming the economic crisis and to make the residents' lives more comfortable.
Be careful on your way home and I hope all your wishes come true while watching the full moon of Han River.
Thank you.
Hello, the residents of the country.
I am Kim Jung-ho, the representative of the National Assembly of the National Assembly.
Nice to meet you.
I greet you all with my greatest honor.
It is the most generous honor of a year, but it is very heavy.
With difficult economy, the worry of the people and the sigh of the people are deepening.
I hope you will also be a honor to share your worries and family with your family as much as you will be a honor to the people.
The strength of the people of the country will be a support for the people.
I will do my best to ensure the safety and development of the people.
The National Special Forces of the National Assembly will also set up a local public service and medical service with the people.
We will make the hope of the people of the country through the official announcement of the People's Liberation Day that will be supported by the people's recovery.
I will be proud of the people's expectations and light the way they will shine in the future, like the fall when they are in the middle of the Chuseok.
I hope you will look forward to the future.
I wish you a healthy and happy Chuseok holiday.
Thank you.